timer: handle timer overflow (#395)
tock/libtock-c: examples/tests/timer_overflow/README.md

Test Timer Overflow
====================

This tests the libtock timer implementation's ability to handle situations
where setting a timer would overflow the underlying hardware counter.

The userspace `timer_in` function expects a number of milliseconds when a timer
should fire in the future. This argument is a `uint32_t` which means that an
alarm should be able to be set 2^32 ms in the future (about 49 days). However,
`timer_in` calls to `alarm_at` which can only set alarms up to 2^32 clock ticks

> (only about 36 hours with a 32768Hz oscillator). Therefore, `timer_in` has been
> modified to handle the underlying overflow of the alarm and make the timer appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(only about 36 hours with a 32768Hz oscillator). `timer_in` handles the underlying overflow of the alarm and makes the timer appear
```
